welcome back to review recapped
today we will be showing you a
psychopath thriller movie named
american psycho
spoilers ahead
relax and enjoy
it is shown in 1987 that the life of
wealthy new york investment banker
patrick bateman revolves around dining
at fancy restaurants while keeping up
appearances for his fiance evelyn and
his circle of wealthy and shallow
associates
most of whom he hates
the camera shows through bateman's
apartment the next morning everything is
shades of white
with black counters and shelves it is
sparsely decorated but looks expensive
bateman is showing narrating that
i live in the american gardens building
on west 81st street on the 11th floor
my name is patrick bateman i'm 27 years
old
he describes his everyday diet and daily
exercise routine and his meticulous
daily grooming rituals which involves no
less than nine different lotions and
cleansers
there is an idea of a patrick bateman he
says while peeling off his herb mint
facial mask
some kind of abstraction
but there is no real me
only an entity
something illusory
and though i can hide my cold gaze and
you can shake my hand and feel flesh
gripping yours and maybe you can even
sense our lifestyles are probably
comparable i simply am not there
at a business meeting bateman and his
associates flaunt their business cards
in a display of superficial vanity
enraged by the perceived superiority of
his co-worker paul allen's card bateman
murders a homeless man and his dog
at a christmas party
bateman makes plans to have dinner with
alan who mistakes bateman for another
co-worker bateman resents alan for his
more affluent lifestyle and his ability
to obtain reservations for dorsia a
highly exclusive restaurant that bateman
is unable to get into bateman
manipulates allen into getting drunk and
lures him back to his apartment while
playing music bateman lectures alan
about the artistic merits of the song
before proceeding to murder him with a
mirror polished axe
after disposing of the body bateman
breaks into allen's apartment and leaves
a phony message on his answering machine
saying that allen has gone on a business
trip to london
bateman is later interviewed about
allen's disappearance by private
investigator donald kimball
later we see bateman takes two
prostitutes whom he names christy and
sabrina to his apartment and share his
opinions of the band genesis
after they have sex
bateman brings out instruments he uses
for bodily harm they later leave his
apartment beaten and bloodied
bateman's colleague luis reveals a new
business card reminding bateman of
alan's card bateman tries to strangle
luis in the restroom of an expensive
restaurant but luis mistakes the attempt
for a sexual advance and declares his
love for bateman who flees in a panic
after murdering a model bateman invites
his secretary gene to dinner suggesting
that she meet him at his apartment for
drinks
when gene arrives unbeknownst to her
bateman holds a nail gun to the back of
her head while they chat
when he receives a message from evelyn
on his answering machine he asks gene to
leave
kimball meets bateman for lunch and
tells him he is not under suspicion in
allen's disappearance detective kimball
interviews bateman again and
while kimball harbors his own doubts of
bateman he reveals that a colleague of
batemans claims to have spotted paul
allen in london calling in to question
the entire investigation
bateman is initially relieved by the
news but is perturbed and begins to
doubt himself
bateman invites christie and his
acquaintance elizabeth to allen's
apartment for sex and kills elizabeth
during the act
christy runs discovering multiple female
corpses as she searches for an exit a
naked bateman chases her and drops a
chainsaw on her as she flees down a
staircase killing her
bateman breaks off his engagement with
evelyn that night as he uses an atm he
sees a cat and the atm displays the text
feed me a stray cat when he prepares to
shoot the cat a woman confronts him so
he shoots her a police chase ensues but
bateman shoots and kills the cops and
blows up a police car
fleeing to his office bateman enters the
wrong building where he murders a
security guard and a janitor
in an office he believes is his a police
helicopter shines a light on bateman
he hides and calls his lawyer harold
carnes and frantically leaves a
confession regarding the many murders on
karns's answering machine the following
morning
bateman visits alan's apartment
expecting to clean up alan's remains but
it is vacant and for sale
he pretends to be a potential buyer but
the realtor tricks bateman into
revealing that he is not there to buy
the apartment she then cryptically tells
him that the apartment does not belong
to paul allen before ordering him to
leave
detective kimball meets with bateman for
a third time
although bateman is terrified he will be
found out kimball assures him that
several witnesses saw allen in london
and kimball tells bateman that allen
probably just skipped town on vacation
for a few weeks
patrick is stunned
he begins to doubt whether he actually
killed alan or not or all those other
people
maybe it was all a fantasy
maybe patrick bateman's real name is
davis karns excuses himself again and he
lets him go
gene continues to look with horror
through patrick's notebook
an evil drawing of a woman getting her
limbs cut off with a chainsaw a naked
woman nailed the boards the more pages
she turns the worse the images get page
after page is filled with shocking
fantasies of rape murder and mutilation
of women
patrick returns to the table
the guys are watching president ronald
reagan talking about iran contra on tv
how can he lie like that
says bryce
van poten continues to ask where they
have reservations even though he isn't
really hungry how can you be so [ __ ]
i don't know cool about it
some guys are just born cool i guess
says van potten bateman starts laughing
bateman what are you so [ __ ] zany
about
ha ha i'm just a happy camper
rocking and a-rolling turning back to
reagan on the tv bryce says he presents
himself as this harmless old conjurer
expressing inside doesn't matter
the movie ends showing
a perplexed bateman narrating believe it
or not bryce we're actually listening to
you says mcdermott
bryce asks bateman what he thinks
whatever van poten says he doesn't like
dry beers and needs a scotch
bateman looks over the faces of the
people in the room as he narrates
there are no more barriers to cross
all i have in common with the
uncontrollable and the insane the
vicious and the evil all the mayhem i
have caused and my utter indifference
toward it i have now surpassed
my pain is constant and sharp
and i do not hope for a better world for
anyone
in fact i
want my pain to be inflicted on others
and no one to escape
my punishment continues to elude me
my confession has meant nothing
thanks for watching
please subscribe and turn on
notification to help us grow and enjoy
more movies like this